Wpvp (Placeholder Name: RPPVP, JaikesMap, Factions

Investigate TRP3's system that scans area and position of players. Have this apply to guild
tags on map. To show territories they lay claim to. If possible to comm with opposing faction
to allow guilds that want to be flagged and show their land claim. To see the zones of action
for solo players. Only users that have addon can see positions of own factions, or other
faction is allowed, but only concentual with other faction individuals wanting to give
their guild or personal position.

##
Connecting data between faction.
    ver1: Using Blizz's new cross realm/faction "community" system to upkeep comm between
    either 2 idle accounts that gives info to chat about all info it's receiving or through
    every users communicating in chat and being filtered by user's own addon.
    
    ver2: Uses spy accounts, meaning players that are willing to let their addons comm 
    with cross faction about the info that is allowed by the addon. 
    Not actual spying, but concensual info about themselves they want to give other addon users cross faction.
##    
Creating WorldDefence Chat

    Ver1: Community Channel: all addon users will be part of the share comm channel that
    auto comms the "%s is under attack" (UA); if posted in past 5 mins, ignores inc UA.
    Timer starts from original alert that ends at 6 mins. Doesn't reset this timer unless
    the UA trigger happens. Upon expiry, UA status goes back to N/A.

Guilds TRP3-like feature
    Allow fellow faction players to see guilds. Can either be the land claimed area the
    guild resides, or the guildies themselves as guild icons. These can also used
    for cross faction guild claims. If icon_size proximity to other guild, then guild
    can agree on coop or dipute. ONLY Rank 1 can initiate position (he can however set
    his rank limit on who can lay claim or reposition). Must have 50 members (to avoid
    singular, non-serious guilds from overwhelming map with their own avatar). 
    Must have 10 members online to represent? (to also clean up temp guilds)
    

    